Project name: CPP3_SmartCalc_v2.0
Author: louvenia

Project Description:
The Calculator program was developed in C++ language of C++17 standard. Implementation with a graphical user interface, based on Qt.

The first page of the program displays a calculator that accepts integer, real, dotted, and exponential numbers as input.
Also, entering values is possible through the keyboard and using the buttons in the application.
The calculation is performed after typing the entire expression to be calculated, pressing the enter key on the keyboard, and pressing the = symbol.
Arbitrary bracket arithmetic expressions are evaluated in infix notation;
Calculation of arbitrary bracket arithmetic expressions in infix notation with substitution of the value of the variable x as a number or expression;

On the second page of the program, you can plot the function given by the expression in the infix notation with the variable x.
The user is given the opportunity to change the scale and drag the chart range.
To build a graph, you must specify the domain of definition and the scope of the functions.
Next, to plot, you must click the "Create Graph" button, the "Clear Graph" button is responsible for clearing the fields for new input values.

On the third page of the program is a loan calculator for self-calculation of the loan.
The input values are: total loan amount, term (in years and months), interest rate and type of loan (annuity, differentiated).
Next, to calculate the loan, you must click the "Calculate" button, the "Clear" button is responsible for clearing the fields for new input values.
The output displays the calculated values: monthly payment, loan overpayment and total payment.

On the fourth page of the program there is a deposit calculator for self-calculation of the deposit.
The input values are: deposit amount, placement period (in years and months), interest rate, tax rate, frequency of payments, capitalization of interest, list of replenishments and list of partial withdrawals.
If no tax rate is entered, the default value is 13%.
Next, to calculate the deposit, you must click the "Calculate" button, the "Clear" button is responsible for clearing the fields for new input values.
The output displays the calculated values: accrued interest, tax amount and deposit amount by the end of the term.

Installation instructions:
The build of the program can be customized using a Makefile with the standard set of targets for GNU programs: all, install, uninstall, clean, dvi, dist, tests.

make: Will remove files, compile, test and install the application.

make test: Testing will be done.

make install: Installs the application using the cmake makefile.

make uninstall: Removes application files using cmake Makefile and *.app file.

make dist: Creates a tar file for the src folder.

make dist_clean: Removes the generated tar file.

make dvi: Creates DVI files for all TeXinfo documentation by translating the original Texinfo documentation into HTML format.

make dvi_clean: Remove DVI file.

make check: Perform style testing with clang-format.

make leaks: Performs a leak check.

make gcov_report: This will generate an HTML report of the tests performed, the results of unit tests, covering modules related to the evaluation of expressions using the GTest library.

make clean: Removes from the current directory those files that were created when the program was built.